### The Start

To start this project, I began with prepping the site with several pages labeled according to the things needed for the project. I then started on the main page called "index.html" and finished a rough version of that with no errors so that I could later paste that into each page as a template. Then I took the css for index and supplemented it with a second .css for each page.

### The building

I started working on previous and projects next, and they would be similar pages with different work in each. This was the most simple, since they both used lists and covered both styles, ordered and unordered. In the previous work page, I used unordered lists as it didn't make sense for a resume to be numbered. So I sorted three main lists, nesting a second list in each for formatting and started to work on page layout for said pages. I decided to use a grid system here since flex didn't feel as useful to get the double column into single column format that I wanted. Using grids, I made my first two lists normal, while the last list spanned both columns so that it wouldn't oddly squished in smaller media sizes. For projects, I used ordered lists instead and flex displays to get the side to side placement of each list since I didn't need a complex layout.

Then contact was where I needed to use JS so that it would properly output the data to console, the reason it only sends a console response is because I didn't want to save the data anywhere, since I didn't feel it would be good to do when this site isn't for actual use and I didn't want to fill a file or in my intial plan, my email. This was just a simple form of name and email since it's purpose would be to get in contact with me and nothing more, I could've added a questions text file but I didn't think it was needed for the intended purpose. 

For all of the work here, the main work that I used as reference was the prior labs and homework. The only other thing used was https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_grid_item.asp for grids, https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/getting-started/introduction/ for bootstrap, and https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/components/buttons/ for button types. 